it's Chanakya just showing you and you
set up that I've got with my white Rick
Stowe living with my little quail and I
movable right on and Lord and just
showing that they seem to be quite
getting on quite quite well together
quite happily the dough is busy eating
the grass and the quail are eating the
grain and that would seem to be too
scared off her and she's being very nice
to them - she's a lovely dog this is a
little run that I just made over the
weekend it's made out of wood some
corrugated iron to provide some shade
and then it's got a little sleeping box
here that the the quail in the rabbits
can get excess from through the year and
it's got a lift a ball hinged roof to
get into the food and click eggs he's
just a really quick little look at my
garden and early autumn sort of at the
end of the season so it's looking a
little bit ragged but there's lots of
harvesting to be done soon lots of
pumpkins hidden in here lots of breasts
cos that are nearly ready to harvest and
of course my chickens up the back
they're doing what chickens no beer
slots the gardening and fertilizing
some more brassicas here that are due to
be harvest very soon lovely big cabbages
and lots of things like that
mr. Keith you're not here on this
beautiful autumn evening
it's my hard-working husband sitting
soaking up the Sun while he can under
our umbrella in front of our pizza oven
and fireplace which we use all the time
to to cook on and to eater time with you
say hi Chris there you go aerial view of
the garden the goats out there in the
background and they're peeing at the in
the corner there he's my little quail in
rabbit house my garden along there we
back onto a school so that's the school
grounds in the background unfortunately
that's not all our property ourselves
have a milking cow or sheep or something
down there
I've on the patio do I've got my beehive
and my I'm on the balcony sorry beehive
in a little balcony garden and there you
go
slice of heaven and Hawke's Bay